Create remote.md (#3312)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/remote/remote.md

---

> Title: 'Remote'

Reviewer: I think we might want to change the title and the path to the plural which is our usual formatting

> Description: 'Remotes allow keep tabs on the remote repositories (the repos on GitHub).'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Repositories that are not local.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-git'
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
---

> Git **remotes** keep tabs on the remote repositories (the repos on GitHub). The `origin` remote refers to the default remote repo while the `upstream` remote refers to the remote repo that is being tracked for changes and contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git **remotes** are copies of repositories that are not stored locally. Working with a remote often involves two copies or references: the forked repository and the base or home repository. By convention these are named the `origin` remote which refers to the default, forked repo. And the `upstream` remote, which refers to the remote repo that is being tracked for changes and contributions.
```
